In just a little while, it'll be slime time!
A little while? What'll we do to him then?
Snick! Clarissa Roundhouse, Wren and Stimpy, are you afraid of the dark and...
Nickelodeon Slime Time Sweepstakes are all ahead next!
Oh, I snick for joy!
In the glow of the big snick, we'll continue after these messages.
Guys, look at me up. That was my older brother, Ricky.
He was going through my pocket, looking for money.
He grabbed my throat and threw me against the wall.
He was on a crack.
He was my older brother, man, and he was going to kill me for some crack.
I'm never going to be like him,
until nobody makes me do drugs.
Walt Disney Pictures invites you to the party of the year.
It's the celebration of Walt Disney's timeless classic,
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
You can only see it at a theater near you.
It's now or never!
Everyone will be there.
Bye!
You'll meet Happy, Dopey, Doc, Bashful, Grumpy, Sleepy, and Sneezy, too.
Don't miss the greatest animated movie of all time,
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, rated G.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Scary how I love those big little puss of weak.
A mirror?
I'll shine some light on this mystery.
There they are!
What the...
Oh, my.
And I want a snack to be part of my complete breakfast.
But kids, you could help Bigum.
Just connect the dots on the back of the box to see how he gets away.
And for helping, a free Bigum flashlight with nail and certificate.
Welcome to Snick, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
According to noted anthropologist Margaret Mead,
people in every society perform certain rites of passage,
things that mark an important period or change in their lives.
For example, teenagers have proms, sweet 16s and first kisses.
All rites of passage.
But does it stop there?
I'm afraid not.
Grown-ups, too, fall prey to this universal phenomenon.
They become parents.
Then comes your child's first recital.
Bonafide parenthood without this rite of passage.
There are the parental rites of passage
that come around the same time as farsightedness,
hair, and making that creaky noise when you bend.
Collectively, they are known as the modern parental rite of passage,
and it's guaranteed to bum out everything and every one in its path.
It's called the dreaded midlife crisis.
And I think my dad is having one.
Okay, it's dad's birthday next week,
which probably explains why he's been so depressed lately.
You see, the average male life expectancy these days is 73.4 years,
and dad's about to crash land right...
Here, prime for a major midlife crisis.
Dad's been acting really bizarre lately,
even by parental standards.
Here's a Marshall darling midlife crisis update.
If I were another person,
looking at myself in the course of my life,
I should be compelled to say that it all must end unavailingly.
Be consumed in incessant doubt,
creative only in self-torment.
Marshall, you haven't been reading the diaries of Franz Kafka yet, have you?
Only when my spirits need lifting.
He's been taking an awful lot of long walks lately.
How was your walk, dear?
My walk was, you know, my walk.
A long walk.
I think I'll go for another walk.
And he spends hours just staring into space.
It's your turn, Marshall.
Marshall?
Marshall!
I'm sorry, would you say so?
He was probably trying to figure out how to fit the word melancholy
into the triple word score.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
What's with your dad?
I said hi to him outside,
and he just muttered something about a long walk.
I guess he thinks if he walks enough,
his birthday won't catch up with him.
There's nothing a grown-up hates more than birthdays.
I think it's because of all the burning candles on the cake.
Last year, by the time my dad blew them all out,
we ate more wax than frosting.
My dad turned 40 last year, and he took it okay.
Sam, your dad went bungee jumping for his birthday.
You call that handling it okay?
He was just trying to recapture his lost youth.
Majorly weird.
But there is one good thing about parents' birthdays.
What's that?
The older they get, the older we get,
and the older we get.
Next semester.
The term we've all been waiting for.
Driver's Egg.
It's never too early to start cramming.
Let's do it.
When you're parking your car,
your vehicle should be no more than one foot from the curb.
I don't know that.
I've known that for years.
Now, I'll finally be able to put that knowledge to practical use.
Do you think your dad will let you practice on his car?
I don't see why not.
My dad doesn't drive anymore.
He just walks and walks and walks.
And walks and...
In France, I'm a D.
Je mange toujours des grandes magazines.
Ferguson, that sounds much better.
In France, in the afternoon, I eat all the department stores.
Sounds like big trouble in a little French class for Ferguson.
Stick with it, Ferguson. It's tough learning a foreign language.
That's right. Breathe breath.
Yeah, how many more is your until your French final?
Sure.
Days, master linguist?
I knew that. I'll do fine.
I have a flair for foreign languages.
Perhaps one day I'll serve as the head interpreter for the United Nations.
Perhaps one day house coats will be a major fashion statement.
How was your day, dear?
Well, my day was, you know, my day.
Another day.
There are so, so many days.
How's the project going?
Project? What project?
At Waterman Baker and Kleinfeld, dear.
Well, I wouldn't exactly call redesigning corporate bathrooms
for an accounting firm, a project.
After I won that award, the bathroom jobs seem to be
about the only kind of work I can get.
We did install some handsome commodes, though.
They flush, automatically.
Neat!
It's a boring job, but somebody's got to do it.
And it's always me.
Now, Marshall, there'll be other projects.
Oh, of course there are my next projects.
A new interior for Pizza Palace.
Redesign socks and stuff at the mall.
Well, how did it all come to this?
You used to love designing all those things.
You're a wonderful architect, Marshall.
You're great, Dad.
May we?
I had dreams.
Designing great houses, palaces like Frank Lloyd Wright.
There's still time, Marshall.
Yeah, but years from now, I wanted people to drive by houses
I designed and say, that architectural masterpiece.
That's a Marshall dorm.
They will, dear.
Instead, some junior executable walk out of the bathroom stall
and say what?
Nice fixture.
You're young, Dad. You have your whole life ahead of you.
Only that were true, Sport.
Life begins at 40. That's what they say.
Life is an onion which one peels, crying.
Marshall, where are you going?
Offstairs.
Is he still reading those heavy philosophy books?
No, dear. Just quoting from them.
I think he's moved on to the biography of Paul Gauguin,
the hockey player.
I see you're equally well versed in French history.
Gauguin was a famous French painter
who gave up everything to move to Tahiti to paint.
Oh, isn't that romantic?
Listen, let's not make a big deal
of your father's birthday next week.
He's going through a rather sensitive time right now.
Are we having cake?
Sensitive as always.
I found a great recipe for zucchini-carob tort.
I want everything to be low-key
until your father's feeling better,
but what's a birthday without cake?
Zucchini-carob tort?
Je pense que je vais voir mieux.
Et moins cher que la beurre.
Margarine is less extensive than butter.
La margarine est à mon chéri quel est bourreau.
Très bien, mon frère.
So how's the French scholar doing?
He likes this final.
He just said he likes margarine even less than donkeys.
Okay, back to work.
We've been at it for hours, Sam.
I never realized the hardest part of driving
would be picking the right key chain.
What do you think of this one?
Wally's World of Waterbeds.
Totally uncool.
Maybe I'll just use the key chain that comes with my uncle's car.
I wish my uncle would give me a car.
I wish anyone's uncle would give me a car.
It's kind of a wreck.
A 77 or 78 with over 150,000 miles.
Wheels are wheels, Sam.
Let's study for the test a little more.
Okay, what's this?
You're making a left turn.
Right turn.
How many car lengths should you leave between you and the car ahead of you?
One car length per 10 miles.
Sam, this is a breeze.
I'm ready for honors, driver's ed.
Hey, want to come over tonight
and watch the car races on the sports network?
Can't.
It's the day we were all hoping would fall at the face of the calendar.
Oh, right. Your dad's birthday.
My mom's making a birthday dinner to celebrate.
Celebrate? Is your dad in the mood to celebrate?
I don't know. I think he's finally accepted the inevitable.
I actually saw him smile this morning.
Maybe he's finally recaptured his lost youth.
Man, I hope not.
You know when you're on the highway and you see this red Corvette or Porsche
and you think it's Luke Perry with Madonna in the passenger seat?
Then you pull up beside the car and it's some middle-aged balding guy.
What a waste.
But you know,
sometimes that middle-aged guy has a teenage daughter
who'd look great in a Porsche.
Hmm.
Maybe this mid-life crisis could work to my advantage.
What's for dinner?
Butternut squash.
Oh, gratin.
Put on a moi, si vous plaît.
Pass le ben.
You just asked me to pass the bath.
No, I didn't. I said bread.
Le ben.
Bread. I think you meant le pen.
They sound the same. Lots of people make that mistake.
You know, I read somewhere that the only true way to master a foreign language
is to live among the natives.
There's a lot of truth to that sport.
Well, maybe it would help if we sent Ferguson to France.
French babes, great food.
A sister 4,000 miles away. Say yes.
Ferguson.
You know, I can't tell you what this means to me to have you all here tonight.
Dad, we're here every night.
It's great to see you in such a good mood, Marshal.
Yeah, Dad. Getting older isn't so bad.
You just got to start treating yourself better.
You know, get a massage, take up a new hobby, buy yourself presents.
A new car, for example.
You know, I never thought that I would experience the classic midlife crisis.
You have been awfully hard on yourself lately, Marshal.
Well, it's really quite common.
Now, you know Paul Gauguin gave up his career as a stockbroker
to move to Tahiti to paint.
Now that, that's crazy.
I think it's better to take to the road with the wind in your hair
and the open highway streaking past you.
I don't know, Clarissa.
Sometimes getting away adds perspective to your life,
but Tahiti is a long way to go.
Yeah, and it's hardly the tropical paradise it was in Gauguin's day.
Progress tends to spoil the natural beauty of so many things.
Well, there's no point in beating around the bush.
I've decided to make a change in my life.
In all of our lives.
We're going to move.
Marshal.
Move? We're moving?
What do you see?
A speck.
A breadcrumve.
Janet, Clarissa, Ferguson.
This is our new home.
We are moving to untouched, unspoiled,
Mango Island in the South Pacific.
Mango Island?
Moving to Mango Island?
I think I'm about to have a mid-teen crisis.
More Clarissa.
More Snakes.
I purchase separately.
Of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street,
proudly maintaining your yard,
hanging with your folks,
or cleaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games
than you can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo,
Super Nintendo,
and Sega Genesis games for rent than anyone in the world.
To do this, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
I have super-divervision.
Can you see what your cinnamon toast crunches
an intense taste?
I'll look inside.
The answers are in front of his face.
Cinnamon and sugar are swirled all over every bite.
What a totally intense taste.
Anyone can see.
Cinnamon toast crunches part of this complete breakfast.
Super.
They're curly, they're swirly,
they're crazy straws.
Collecting them is a snap and wacky fun.
Too free, only for a limited time in Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Nickelodeon is giving you lots of cartoons
on Sunday afternoons.
Sounds great.
It's Nickelodeon Wienerville.
Sounds weird.
It is.
Watch Nickelodeon Wienerville next Sunday
starting at 2-1 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
It's a Nickelodeon orange appeal.
Some adults think we only care about ourselves.
The latest fashions, music, movies?
They've got it all wrong.
Kevin, from Welcome Freshman.
Listening to loud music doesn't make us deaf
to the problems of the world.
Kids all over are collecting food for the homeless,
picking up trash in their neighborhoods,
organizing recycling programs,
and helping elderly neighbors.
Ask your parents or teachers how you can get involved.
This orange appeal has been brought to you
by the United Way and Nickelodeon.
For watching.
Mac!
And now, back to Clarissa,
explains it all.
Look, the tropics.
Where your hair frizzes, there's no cable,
and every beverage comes with a dopey parasol floating in it.
Here's what I've learned about Mango Island so far.
Mango Island.
Come along with us to this enchanting island paradise
and enjoy a friendly welcome from the entire population.
Plus a wide variety of native products,
ashtrays made from coconuts,
wall hangings made from coconuts,
those giant straw bags everybody buys on vacation,
and of course, mangoes!
Personally, I'm having a hard time getting into Polynesian mode,
but then, not everyone feels the way I do.
Here's the moving to Mango update.
Dad's certain this primitive rock in the middle of nowhere
will bring out the artist in him.
Mom wins the Good Sport of the Universe award
for making us all play along.
Mango Island Tourist Bureau?
I have a question about the crops grown there.
Do you have the broccoli flower?
Good news, kids, they do!
Thank you!
And bird brain is in a state of total panic.
The Mangoes, a kind and gentle people,
speak only French.
French!
Mom says, don't worry, we probably won't move,
but Mom also said that Ferguson would probably mature some day
and look how that turned out.
Hi, Sam.
Bonjour, mon ami!
I've got something for you.
My dad got these sunscreens for free
at the Petal Boat Regatta last year.
All SPF 40, I think.
Just a thing for your trip to that sunny, tropical paradise.
Very funny, Sam. I'm not going.
I'll change myself to the bed.
But I thought your mom said you weren't really going anyway.
She just said that my dad was going through a phase
and we'd have to let it pass.
What's so hard about that?
My dad has major existential angst.
By the time this phase passes,
we could be living in a hut someplace.
Come on, it'll never happen. You're not really moving.
Just pretend you're psyched
until your dad forgets the whole thing.
Sam, I can't do this. I won't do this.
From this moment on,
I swear I will have absolutely nothing to do with Mango Island.
How much longer do I have to do this?
Till it's soft and tender,
tree bark is an important staple to the Mangoes.
They use it for decoration,
clothes, and even as a food.
They eat bark?
It's a delicacy.
So I imagine only on special occasions.
They rely chiefly on Mangoes.
How many more of these do I have to peel?
Well, let's see.
We have enough for the Mangoes to do
and the Mango salad niche was
two more for the Mango pudding should do it.
Mom, Ferguson and I have been talking.
You have?
Are we really going to have to go through with this?
Why can't dad have a normal midlife crisis?
A death-defying hobby. Do you want a rock band or something?
Kids, we need to talk.
Uh-oh.
Your father needs to indulge the side of himself right now
and he's done a lot for the two of you.
So let's try to give him our support.
Though I'm always willing to support my family's decisions,
maybe Mango Island's a bit extreme,
why not Long Island?
I'm going to miss my home,
my friends, my community,
Driver's Ed.
As I told you, I'm sure we're not going,
so don't worry.
Sooner or later, I'm absolutely positive
your father will snap out of it.
Yeah, Mom, you're probably right.
He'll definitely snap out of it.
Listen.
Do you know what that is?
Well, that's the ancient Mangoes custom
for welcoming in the new day.
Every day?
We'll be fishing for our food each morning.
I hate fish.
I mean, I hate American fish.
I am, however, looking forward
to sample an authentic Mangoes fish.
Well, eating raw fish for breakfast, Ferguson,
that's just the beginning.
Raw fish?
Just think, a place
with no stereos, no telephones,
no bathrooms.
I'll never have to design a bathroom again.
This is going to be a wonderful adventure.
Wonderful?
Now, I picked up the passports this afternoon,
and the real estate broker is sending
some people over to look at the house.
Our house?
Janet, this is it.
There's no turning back.
And we'll build our hut the first week we arrive.
And then we'll be free of this forever.
Civilization.
Who needs it?
Why do I get the feeling
that if we keep playing along,
we're going to hit reality?
Hard.
Well, the closet's a little small.
I really don't think it's going to accommodate
Janie's clothes.
Our Janie's a clothes horse.
I think we're going to have to
spend it to...
My wall? I suppose.
The walls are going to have to be repainted anyways.
It's such a drab pink.
Drab?
I like this color.
I picked it up myself.
A nice peach.
Or perhaps mocha.
Mocha?
She wants to paint my room
an ice cream flavor.
Well, it's really a great space.
Couldn't we?
My wife has a real flair for decorating.
You won't recognize the place.
And, um,
all this stuff
will be put into storage?
Well, you can have it furnished or not.
Not.
Except for perhaps the cedar chest.
Once stripped and repainted,
Janie can store all her cardigans in it.
Sorry it's, um,
coming with us.
Well, I suppose this will have to do
until we can find something truly unique,
like our old country house
in Greenwich.
Greenwich.
I weep for Greenwich.
We may just be forced to build.
We're dying to find something futuristic,
yet cozy.
Imposing yet inviting.
Like for Guggenheim,
with fireplaces and bay windows.
Absolutely.
You know,
my father's an architect.
He made a futuristic architect.
Was an architect's support.
We're about to embark on an adventure in the South Seas.
Hey, Dad, you can design them a house.
He's won lots of awards.
Awards? They're meaningless.
Would you like to see some of the stuff he's done?
Well, why not?
His office is right downstairs.
Mr. Darling, what do you say?
Well, you might get an idea from some of my work.
Ideas? He's so modest.
More like inspirations.
Your work is incredible, Mr. Darling.
We're thinking of calling it Four Winds.
Four Winds?
The home your father refuses to build for us.
We're willing to give you a carte blanche.
I'm not refusing. He's not refusing.
No, it's just that, you know, we're about...
Did you say carte blanche?
I know, I know. You're all fun a journey, a quest.
Have you ever seen tropical mosquitoes?
Bigger than squirrels.
Build us our dream house.
We want to live in a darling.
A darling.
Darling?
Oh, I always dreamed.
No, I can't.
I'm afraid our plans are ironclad.
Hello, everyone.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Janet. These are the Crepplehorns.
We just love your home.
It's got so much potential.
Thank you.
Of course, we'd rather your husband designed something for us.
But he won't take our offer.
An offer, Marshal?
Well, that's nothing.
Think it over, Mr. Darling.
Bye.
Have you thought it over yet, Dad?
Well, there's nothing to think about, sport.
Except, of course, our great adventure.
A fantasy soon to become a reality.
Mango Island?
A fantasy soon to become a reality?
Soon to become a nightmare.
Times ticking away.
Every day we're one step closer to adventure excitement.
Huh?
Oh, um, look what came today.
Those? The tickets?
Looks like they've been taking steroids.
Well, it's, um...
It's not very easy to get to Mango Island, sport.
We have to change plane six times.
Six times?
Yeah. And then we have to take a ferry over from Fiji.
And we're five days on the ferry.
Five days?
Yeah, and of course the Almanac says
that this really is not the best time to go to Mango Island.
Monsoon season.
And then there's Mount Nambi Kaivu.
Tell me there's a beautiful view.
No. It's a smoldering, erratic, and very active volcano.
Oh. That does it, Marshall.
I have played along with the mango mashing.
I have put up with the conch shell wake-up calls,
but I can't take any more.
I don't want to go.
What?
The Crepplehorns want me to design their new house.
I have complete artistic freedom.
So I've decided to say yes.
Oh, Marshall, I'm thrilled.
Well, somehow I get the sense that
your kids aren't greatly disappointed.
Well,
we'll adjust, Dad.
We have great coping skills.
We'll deal with it like mature people.
We're flexible. Gotta be flexible.
It's a good quality.
Of course I was fully prepared to sacrifice in the name of family harmony.
What a lovely thought, Ferguson.
And so sincere.
So does this mean that the midlife crisis is over?
Well, I'm pretty sure it does, Fort,
but then who knows, you know?
Maybe this could be a warm-up.
Maybe my midlife crisis is
years away.
Well, Dad,
if it does come back soon
and we have to go through this again,
do you think maybe we could go through it in
a red Porsche?
Look at this.
If you get the convertible with leather interior,
it's only $2,000 more.
$2,000?
You know, Sam, by the time I save up for my dream car,
I may be having my own midlife crisis.
Well, if it isn't
the French fry.
So, how's your new French tutor?
Did you get most huge Gillette?
Spittin' Willie Gillette?
You better bring an umbrella and try to get a seat
in the back.
Actually, I discovered failing French class
isn't so bad when you have
Mademoiselle Reynard.
You got Reynard. She is hot.
Well, time to go study,
as they say.
Cher ché la femme.
I had a frightening thought, Sam.
What's that?
Ferguson, years from now,
suffering through his midlife crisis.
Looking back on his youth
and trying to recapture it.
Ewww.
Stand by to play Slime Time Live.
Nickelodeon's Slime Time Swimstakes is coming up now.
The interactive play at home game
where you gotta find who's hidden behind the boxes.
Only one way to find out.
Stay tuned for Slime Time coming up next.
Let's do it to it.
This morning we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class
on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized
we're late.
We're gonna miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus,
we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus,
we figured we were aces.
We were wrong.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Follow that bus.
Now we're famous, which is cool.
Because famous people never do homework.
It's going to get plenty warm in Chicago this summer.
103.
That's a lot of heat
from such a small star.
Introducing Henry Rowan Gartner.
Hi.
This summer,
he'll be teaching old prose.
Pictures got a big bite.
New tricks.
What?
Rookie of the Year.
Brilliant.
Rated PG.
Starts Wednesday at theaters everywhere.
What do they think of bubble tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber
calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same haircut.
He says
that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like mop cups.
She has no teeth.
She says,
I still can't chew bubble tape.
Six feet of bubble tape coming soon in a new dispenser pack.
For you.
Not them.
If you love camp.
Everything bites.
Watch the Lucho shorts.
Weekdays at 5.30, 4.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Need to play Slime Time.
And live at a stick McDonald's party
in Denver, Colorado.
We're going to call Anthony.
So Anthony, you know how to play.
So let's get started.
When you say stop a Nickelodeon character,
we'll tell you who you need to find on our game board
to make a match and win.
So when you're ready, say stop.
Mickey Duran from Roundhouse.
Now somewhere on the game board, Ivan's hanging out.
If you find him, you win.
You heard what she said.
Two chances to find Ivan.
Pick a box.
Let's see number four.
Pick again.
Okay, pick again.
Let's see seven.
Check it out.
It's me, Ivan.
You picked right, you win.
You're in the Sega Game Gear.
You're in the 12 cartridges.
You're in the Serp Ninja Cart.
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's, Sega,
and the place where only kids win Nickelodeon.
On Earth, man was meant to have dominion
over all the other animals.
What's dominion?
The relationship with animals was a simple one.
The man would bash the animal over the head
with a club,
and then eat it.
Ow! Eat the animal, you idiot.
What do you think that is? A club sandwich?
Later on,
man wanted to make friends with some of the animals.
We called these pets.
At first, this was a tricky proposition.
Look at my new pet, Wolf.
That's nothing. Check out my Bronoceros.
Dang! He sure is big.
Don't let that scare you. He's a plant eater.
Oh!
Of course, the relationship between man and animals
evolved to the point until we get into the actual sketches.
And it seems that people always choose the pets
that are just like they are.
Yeah, I got a pit bull. What of it?
Oh, boy, Dad. It's an Irish center.
Do you have a parrot? Do I have a parrot?
Yes, a parrot. A parrot. A pretty parrot.
Well, then,
any of you guys
seen my
turtle?
Stop making fun of my fish.
Yes, it's a poodle. Why do you ask?
Our fondness for pets virtually ensures
that sooner or later,
Dads around the world will be besieged by the question,
Dad, can we have a puppy?
A puppy? No way.
Why not?
Because puppies grow up to be dogs, and dogs are a big responsibility.
You know, Dad, we could resolve this maturely,
coming to a fair and reasonable compromise
and keeping peace in our living room.
Or...
Or we could...
Shut up!
One last week's competition after she's
spun around in circles and successfully
throw up on the couch.
Jill,
I plan to start with a path, then winding
in a very irritating little voice,
and if that doesn't work, I'll shave my head and join a cult.
You call that a tantrum?
You would know a tantrum for a bitch you on there.
As you know, Bill, Jill's hard to top.
What are you gonna do? Hold my breath till I turn blue.
You can't do that. I was gonna hold my breath.
Copycat?
I can hold my breath all day. I can hold my breath all week.
I can hold my breath all year.
Jill, Bill, hold that...
Termination and heart. Take a look at this.
Notice the puffy cheeks and the bulging veins
in the forehead, indicating an acute lack
of oxygen to the brain.
Probably no permanent damage, but you can never really tell.
So then it's working. You're gonna get it.
What?
They can hold their breath till their heads explode.
What do I care?
Okay, so the tantrum didn't work.
I guess I'll just have to go back to the repetitive whining.
We want a puppy!
You kids are missing a point.
You want a puppy. Why?
Because a puppy would be cute and lovable and adorable
and fun to play with.
And he'd sleep next to you with his big floppy ears
and his puppy breath in your face.
Way to go, hun. You're really making a case against it.
Well, I haven't come to the butt yet.
But you have to take care of a puppy
and there are a lot of trouble.
We don't mind. That's cause you don't know.
For one thing, you gotta feed him.
Man, that is a big dog.
Yeah, man. Bust your ears up to 173 pounds.
How do you feed him? Children usually.
Do you have a hefty helm?
Well, you need a food formulated by Rosa Blubber.
German!
You can hear everyone's hate.
That's a fat dang dog.
Okay, dad.
Girl dog.
That gets into another responsibility we'll talk about later.
Oh, fine. And the boy dog doesn't.
Woman, you are treading on sacred ground.
Ooh, touchy touchy.
I'm sorry.
It's just that there's certain things that are essential to having a dog.
Like water.
Hello. I'm Felix Big Wind Fellow,
champion breeder of Pecanese Bull Sheet Cruise.
And this is champ.
He's 16 years old.
That's dead to you and me.
Breeding a champion takes the finest care.
And that's why all my blue ribbon canines drink
Aqua Toilet
Bottled toilet water from the finest toilet
to the French Alps.
Aqua Toilet is recommended by
four out of five veterinarians
and five out of six professional plumbers.
And now
for a word on behalf of the cheesy pets
kids get when they're not allowed to have dogs.
Jackson.
And all those rumors about me becoming a white woman
are crazy.
Third.
Each day, hundreds of innocent sea monkeys
are poured down the drain.
When kids discover they don't look like
the sea monkeys in the comic books,
don't throw these four creatures away.
That's crazy.
That's absurd.
Bring them to the society
to protect abused sea monkeys
or spasms.
Ep spasms.
We'll make sure they get the plastic surgery they need
to look like the comic book sea monkeys.
Also, look for me
and other eccentric celebrities at
feed.
To the swing of things.
Weekend at Bernie's, too,
rated PG starts Friday at a theater near you.
Scramble
is the hot new game.
A playing ball won't be the same.
Your color comes up.
You hit someone.
If it doesn't, you got to run.
Scramble.
Hit someone, get a wristband.
If they dodge or catch the ball, give them one of yours.
First with six bands wins.
Scramble is the hot new game.
A playing ball won't be the same.
Scramble.
Now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
Ordered it for a while, but then the joke got old,
so you just let it wither and die, didn't you?
Now, from acclaim,
Paralyzed to Stephen King comes the terrifying tale
of botanical revenge.
Chia Pet Cemetery.
You thought you buried it in the backyard,
but that nasty little clay carcass is back
and he's not thirsty for water.
He's thirsty for blood.
Chia Pet Cemetery.
Coming soon to a backyard near you.
Perhaps sooner than you think.
Go!
All right, kids, come on in here.
I got a little surprise for you.
What?
I know you really wanted a dog, so I got you one.
I can!
Say hello to our new pal, Gus.
What do you expect on this show?
A real dog?
Hi, boys and girls.
I'm delighted to be here.
Hey, Gus. Hey, Tula. Hey!
What is this? How dumb do you think we are?
I don't think we have time to get into that right now.
Dad, that's not a real dog.
It looks like some kind of sucky sock dog.
That's right. It's a new breed, sucky sock.
They've just been approved by the American Kennel Association.
But you can't even make it talk without moving your mouth.
What do I look like, Nancy Reagan?
Look, I'm just trying to teach you, kid,
something about the responsibility of having a pet.
Dogs shed.
They leave little puppy presents all over the carpet.
You've got to take them for walks.
You're laying it on a little heavy, Dad.
Don't you think, Pops?
You stay out of this. You're supposed to be helping me.
Okay, but be fair, dogs can be a lot of fun, too.
I'm having an argument with a sucky sock dog.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am. Shut up.
Make me.
I just got a new dog, and he's not taking to me.
Help me, Elizabeth Tailwagger.
Maybe it's your scent.
My scent?
It can take weeks for a new dog to get used to your smell.
Next, the unmistakable aroma
of another dog's rare end.
That's why I'm so proud to present
my new cologne.
But, of course...
Off me! Get him off me!
If I'm Elizabeth Tailwagger, I can come the passion
of a pooch's posterior.
Trust me, I married a construction worker.
To the Pet Channel, all pets, all the time.
Tonight, I'm Doggy Houser M.D.
Woo! Down, Dr. Down!
Tonight on Fresh Fish of Bel Air.
Man, this fish is fresh. Where'd you get it?
Bel Air.
Tonight on LA Paw.
All rise! Okay, sit!
Sit!
Tonight on Empty Nest.
Housebroken.
When are they gonna get home?
Tonight on Monday Night Furball.
Tonight on In Heat.
In the Night.
He's company.
Tonight on Evening Spade.
Tonight, honey.
Tonight, my M.B.L. plays dead
on Pawsome, right after In Living Collar
and the Golden Retriever Girls.
Then, it's a world premiere, starring Ellen Barkin,
Civil Shepherd and Spaniel Day-Lewis
in Sniffing Howard's End.
We now return you to more
tasteful programming.
I'm bored. Me, too.
I wish someone would come along and tell us sappy stories
and sing sickly-sweet songs to us.
Hey, hey! No sooner wish than done, kids!
Get ready for...
We might have to sing to these kids again!
Hey!
Ask anybody. Ask Aunt B.
Ask Opie. Man, that's my job.
It's what I do.
Hey, tell us a story. Okay, here's a story for you.
Tom Tom the Piper's son
stole a pig and got arrested on an
1139-bash-piver.
That's Grand Theft Swine, baby!
It's a song. Okay.
But you'll have to sing along with me.
Okay, Barney.
That's how we sell tapes to you.
Barney, because people will buy anything
to keep the kids busy for half an hour.
You're not cute!
Nausea and Madison solve separately.
Bleh!
Bob, baby, Bob, baby, Bob, baby.
I'd like to share a little dialogue.
She will sneak again.
Walt Disney Pictures.
These three mixed up witches
are flying into deep trouble
because these brave kids
are one cool cat.
Nice guy.
They get one cool cat.
Nice going, Max.
Are teaming up to turn them around.
Wash them out.
Yes!
And stop them from running amok.
Amok, amok, amok, amok.
Focus, Focus.
Rated PG.
Start Friday, July 16th.
A turkey cheeses you can win your way.
With games and rides you can play all day.
You can zap, you can score,
you can hit the floor.
It's like we both won big today.
Where a kid can be a kid.
Baxter Small Creamies.
The littlest cabbage patch kids of all.
I wish I could adopt you all.
When you're Baxter Small.
You need my extra love.
You can pledge purchase separately.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
It happens every day.
In big cities and small towns,
innocent dogs are being abused
and tortured by people who fake the throw.
Go get it boy!
It's right there.
Right over there for you.
Witness the mental torment inflicted
on the tiny brains of these helpless animals.
This Cocker Spaniel's owner
not only fake the throw,
but fake the...
There's a cat in the tree as well.
Now she doesn't know what to believe.
This French poodle's owner
fake the throw so many times
it put a strain on his eyesight.
This is Rallo.
And you don't want to know.
Call today.
Help stop the madness
because a throw is a terrible thing to fake.
Looking for love.
You've tried the dog parks in the local
but are always meeting runts.
Never a pick in the litter.
Well now there's great day expectations.
The Video Dog Eat Dating Service.
Hi, I'm Butch.
If you enjoy walks in the park
or walks along the beach
or walks just about any kind,
please call me.
We show your videotape the cuddly canines
and leave the rest to mother nature.
Great day expectations
for when you're ready to commit some more
than just your master's leg.
Oh, for a sucky sock dog,
Gus sings real at times.
He probably functions on a very high
astrophysical plane
and the realms of cosmic oneness
like the Dalai Lama or the weird Al Yankovic.
I bet he could do my math homework
on his head.
I wonder what he's really thinking.
Eat, sleep,
lick, toilet,
scratch.
Doesn't love us.
Oh, he's so cute.
I wish dad was awake to see this.
I know, but he looks so peaceful.
I wonder what dad's dreaming about.
Eat, sleep,
lick, toilet,
scratch.
Later mom, I'm going to Dave's.
I'm going anywhere with that dirty face,
Mr. Rudy patootie.
At least use real soap. This is embarrassing.
This is better. It's mom's spit.
The cleanser made from the juice of real mom.
It's not just any mom's spit, is it?
Oh, no. Now, this is all my own spit.
I've been pulling it up just for you.
Now, do you have a boo-boo on your elbow?
Mom's spit has healing powers?
That's right, and mom's spit comes in saliva flavors
depending on what your mom's been eating.
Warning.
Some boo-boo's may require medical attention
but they become outcheese.
Consult a physician before using this
or any other spit product.
Ever notice how weird it smells
in other people's houses?
Hey, dude, you got a commercial spokesman
in your house.
Ew, it smells like somebody burnt crab cakes
in here and rubbed them on their sweaty feet.
Well, now you can enjoy those odd odors
in the comfort of your own home
with Stank House, the fusty new fragrance
from fetted homes and garbage.
Smells like foreign neighbors
and try our newest gentle mossy funk.
Who floated the air biscuits?
Dude, that's my house!
Also comes in disturbing new odors
like beef, diapers, and grandfather.
With Stank House,
when you smell a nasty, rusty odor,
it ain't just your upper lip.
Oh, dude, you got a lot of cool stuff in here.
Hey, what's this?
I think it's my fish bowl.
Ew, how long has that fish been dead?
I don't know, about a year. What should I do with it?
Hey, kids!
It's time to play Flush It All!
Your decision to flush or bury your deceased fish
could win you tens of dollars
in cash and prizes.
To tell us about our returning champion,
Anja's Challenger is the lovely Ali Tamali!
Champion Oscar,
the dead goldfish,
succeeded to ten times the indicated amount
for a fish's size.
Our challenger Calvin, the dead guppy,
lived in untreated tap water
and was fed marbles and corn syrup.
Thank you, Holly!
Okay, kid, I'll give you tens of dollars
and you can take Calvin outside
and place him under a patch of soil somewhere,
or you can try and beat our champion
through the drain pipes for the grand prize.
What's it going to be?
Flush him or bury him?
Flush him!
He's going all ready, set, flush,
and they're off.
Calvin makes a great start around the PVC turn,
but Oscar is holding strong
with most gill and gill
around the home stretch,
and voted to clear the drain pipe.
I'm sorry you should have buried him,
but we do have some lovely parting gifts, Holly.
You've won the home version of Flush It or Buried
with a complete set of death-like pets,
toilet, scooper,
and carcass gloves sold separately.
Hey, Dad, I think I figured out
what you meant about pets being a big responsibility
and all. You know, if you don't care of them,
something really terrible could happen.
Well, it's a little late to figure that out, son.
Have you seen Gus?
Oh, gosh, I left him outside when I was playing with him
and I forgot to bring him in.
You left him in the driveway.
Oh, I'm sorry, Gus.
No problem.
See the point I was trying to make, son?
You couldn't even take care of a sock dog.
I see what you mean, Dad.
Oh, I guess this is where they din the lights.
I go to center stage
and I sing a ballad
about how I love my friend down.
Hell no, it's just a sucky sock dog.
Get over it.
Well, hey, Gus, how you feeling?
Re-freezed the theme song
and rolled the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down.
Down, down, down, down,
I can't help but never end.
As long as the music keeps playing,
you know what I'm saying
and find a friend.
Tonight's snick time is slime time.
And slime time is Nick's interactive game.
We play live on the air,
live on the video phone
with kids across the country.
And the next go-around is coming up next.
So stay tuned.
It's in CBS.
That's good enough.
Saturday night has arrived
and Saturday night belongs to snick.
Stay tuned.
Of all the mature, responsible things
you could be doing,
helping old ladies cross the street,
proudly maintaining your yard,
hanging with your folks
or cleaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games
than you can run them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo,
Super Nintendo, and Sega Genesis games
for rent than anyone in the world.
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
Sunday starting at 2-1 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Let's see two.
It's me, Walter from Welcome Freshman.
Take another shot.
Okay, pick another box, Catherine.
Pick another box.
Let's see five.
Wrong box.
It's me, Ivan from Roundhouse.
Guess what? It's Slime Time.
It's Slime Time! Oh, yeah! Look at that!
You got Slime. Let's find out where Gary was
right behind box number eight and one.
Well, you didn't find Gary, but you still got Slime.
You still got the Sega Game Gear,
the cartridge.
Thanks for playing right here on Slime Time Live Books.
We'll be back in another...
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's,
Sega and the place where only kids win Nickelodeon.
Yes, sir.
It's back to nature for us, right, Ren?
Will you shut up?
I don't want to rough anything, so shut up!
Just shut up, all right?
I'm hungry.
Don't tell me you didn't bring any food.
Here we go, Ren.
Dehydrated food pills.
What?
Just like the primitive man ate.
See?
There's pills for meat, cheese,
vegetables, grain,
tacos,
applesauce.
Now that is truly disgusting.
Peels for food.
Hmm.
I'll have the red meat pill.
I'll, Ren.
The red meat dinner pill is only
for the ruggedest of people.
Since you want to make it easy,
why don't you try...
a nice cream spinach pill?
I'll show you who's rugged.
Give me that meat pill.
Okay, Ren, okay.
But first you have to add what?
Shut up. I know what I'm doing.
Mmm.
Cowboys delight dinner.
I'm a cowboy.
Ah!
No, sir. I don't like it.
Isn't this beautiful?
Huh?
Hey, you know what would be fun?
Let's go skinny dipping.
What?
Are you crazy?
Oh, come on, Ren.
You like it?
No.
It's all right, Ren.
It's nature.
And the water's fine.
I don't know.
What if someone sees me?
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Who's going to see you?
Hmm.
Well...
that water does look pretty inviting.
Okay. Here I come.
No fair.
Huh?
Oh, no.
Oh, come on, Ren.
Come on.
Come on, Ren.
Well...
Okay.
Hello there.
This feels great.
Come on.
Let's frolic.
Skinny dipping?
I just love skinny dipping.
Hey, fella.
What are you fellas doing?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Boy, it sure is nice
to find other guys
who are comfortable with their nakedity
like me.
Say.
You know who'd like this?
Hey, ma!
I'm off to pick berries, Ren.
Yeah, yeah.
Will you light the fire while I'm gone?
What?
Do I have to do everything around here?
You know I'm lost without you.
How am I supposed to light this thing?
Rub two twigs together.
Twigs?
What are twigs?
There's no way to light a fire.
This is...
Yes, sir.
These will get her going.
One roaring campfire coming up.
Hang on there, young fella.
I'll save you.
I just love skinny stomping.
After stomping your campfire,
always douse the embers
and stir the ashes with a stick.
Beautiful red.
They are.
These rough-knit stuff is great, Steampie.
Why don't we sleep under the stars tonight?
Okay, pal.
I'm stuck.
What about you guys?
But I'm gonna lay me some eggs.
And did I sleep good?
How'd you sleep, Ren?
I slept all right.
This outdoor stuff sure makes you thirsty.
Ah!
Cool.
Fresh.
Virgin spring water.
Sweet Lord, no!
You can't drink that water, Ren.
Beavers do their business in that water.
If you drink it,
you could get beaver fever.
Beaver fever?
Weren't you mind telling me what I am supposed to drink, then?
Don't worry, Ren.
I always bring a supply of clean, pure, unpolluted water.
Thanks, Steampie.
You saved my...
I don't feel so good.
Look what you've done to me now!
You're fat, floated, stupid, idiot!
I just love skinny slapping.
Ren, Steampie and Snick will be back after these messages.
With all their argument, commentary and conjecture,
it seems like this is what some magazines are doing to your brain.
What we do is spark it.
Life. It's what you make of it.
Introducing the very first health club for your emotions.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Steampie show.
Go watch some tube.
Dirty! Dirty! Stinky!
Hairball!
Oh, and Steampie gets home.
Oh, what I'm going to do to him.
Drop your regularly scheduled program for this newsflash.
Oh, boy. Man.
Top scientists have discovered that feline hairballs are an excellent source of non-polluting fuel.
They're the perfect material for manufacturing the space shuttle's heat shields.
They're a better source of material for clothing than either cotton or wool.
They have more fiber than Ultran.
They even cure pink effected to be more...
They're vile. They're stinky.
But I love them.
Ren. Steampie.
Are you alright?
Please, Steampie, do wharf a mighty pile of golden fleece upon my grateful crown.
First, I can have those pectoral implants.
Next, lick your other arm.
Wharfing.
I need fuel to make hairballs.
And I'm fresh out.
I guess you can lick off my hair.
Come on, come on.
Get it over with.
That makes my flesh growl.
Friended me.
Wharfing.
I guess you weren't hairy enough, Ren.
Uncle Ren got licked for nothing.
Yes, Uncle Ren.
Extend to Steampie your powerfully hairy arm.
Where are you going?
Your blade's still full.
That feels purdy.
Hey, buddy, you think you're ready to wharf some hairballs?
I think so.
Then get to it, man.
Time is money.
Baba, come lend Steampie a hand.
Yes, Uncle Ren.
Monkey Baba.
That's it, Steampie. Let it rip.
Why, there's nothing in here but a bunch of useless bones and organs.
Hmm.
This is serious.
Well, we'll have to do an exploratory.
An exploratory?
What's that?
Come, Baba.
Well, what do you see?
Nothing.
It's dark.
Use your flashlight, stupid.
Well, that's better.
It's his hairball gland.
I think it's punk.
Cat without hairballs.
He's only half a cat.
Steampie, I got to make hairballs.
There, there, big fellow.
Just lay back and relax.
But, Ren, what about your pectoral implants?
With cat loses its hairball gland.
It's over.
Yeah, it's over.
How did tonight's Slime Time players get chosen?
I picked them myself.
From all the callers you called in to enter.
And if you called in, well, you may be in line to play.
As Nickelodeon's Slime Time Switch takes continues,
next on Snick.
Just look at those numbers. They're really unbelievable.
Holy cow.
What a save.
1-800-Collect.
America's least expensive way to call someone collect.
Just imagine if you could always do things your way.
Like, if you were a cartoon.
Then you could give yourself your own Foot Locker
with tons of Felo Rumball shoes.
And then you could really jam.
You're not a cartoon.
Lucky for you, Foot Locker has tons of Felo Rumball shoes.
Hey, it's a start.
Foot Locker, where it all begins.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street.
Hanging with your foes.
Or cleaning your room.
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more video games for rent than anyone in the world.
And now, every Blockbuster's getting tons of the coolest new video games.
And you can play for three whole evenings.
Why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
What do they think of Bubble Tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same hair cut.
He says, that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like Maw Cubs.
She has no teeth.
She says, I still can't chew Bubble Tape.
Six feet of Bubble Tape coming soon in a new dispenser pack.
For you, not them.
Hi, Stephanie here with my older Aunt Weiser.
Sister Teresa to find out why she likes neck.
He's cute, he's smart, and he doesn't smell bad.
Jug, Nick's kids.
Even weird ones.
We're here at Nickelodeon Studios,
asking kids why we celebrate July 4th.
Well, a long time ago on July 4th in 1776.
All these people got together.
And they made a declaration of independence.
They decided to make a country.
Which they called the United States of America.
Which gave kids rights.
To speak out and say what they want.
Where they want, when they want.
I'm Jennifer from Miami, Florida,
wishing you a happy 4th of July
from Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
Hey, it's me, Rain, getting ready to play Slime Time.
Ah, only kidding. It's me, Michael Malley, actually.
And we're ready to get ready to play Slime Time
live on an AT&T video phone.
And a SNCC Party at McDonald's is Justin
in Bellingham, Washington.
Justin, you already know how to play, so let's get started.
When you say stop a Nickelodeon character,
we'll tell you who you need to find on our game board
to make a match and win. So when you're ready,
yell out stop for me, Justin.
It's me, Stimby.
And if you find my pal, Rain, you'll win.
All right, you heard what he said.
Find Rain, pick a box.
Hey! Let's see three.
Hey, it's me, Ferguson.
And I'm not the one you're looking for, so pick again.
All right, that's Ferguson.
Pick another box you're looking for, Rain.
Come on, Justin.
Let's see seven.
It's me, Rain.
Oh, yeah!
You win the trip to a bunch of accessories.
You win the AT&T cordless fun and digital arts machine.
We'll see you in five, four, seven, on Monday.
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's,
Sega, and the place where only kids win Nickelodeon.
AXE Murder with Blood,
dripping from our grizzly weapon.
Or Mummy Wrapped in Wrotten Bedgages.
What about a razor sharp hook
where her hand should be?
No, no...
A zombie with sunken eyes
and all stiff-like.
It sounds like Kristen's up tonight.
We're trying to guess what axe she's going to pull to Scareva.
I liked it when she dressed up as the prom queen.
Yeah, whatever it is.
Whatever it is, I hope she gets here soon.
Cool.
Hey, where'd you get that stuff?
Up in the attic.
I, uh, think my parents were old hippies or something.
Here.
Groovy, man.
And here.
Whoa, Sakatumi.
What's this got to do with your store?
There's an old saying that goes,
you don't learn from the past,
you'll be doomed to repeat it.
My story's a little different.
In my tale, if you don't learn from the present,
you'll repeat the past.
You're doomed.
Admitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story,
the tale of Locker 22.
We haven't put anyone out here for years,
but we're busting at the seams.
I don't know where all these kids come from.
Locker 22.
Home sweet home.
Um, it's kind of far from things.
Are you complaining?
No.
Look, I've been here far too long to take grief from a transfer.
It's only been here five minutes.
I'm sorry.
This will be fine.
Good.
Welcome to Derby, Miss Dufault.
Carefully suck the liquid into the pipette like so,
and hold your finger on the end so that it doesn't run out.
Simple.
We'll pick it up tomorrow.
Next time, we do it with acid.
Mmm, tasty.
Keep moving, bozos.
Hey, you okay?
Yes.
I'm Chris.
You new here?
Yeah.
It's no biggie.
What's your name?
Ginny.
I never woke with things like this at my old school.
Oh, where are you from?
Paris.
My parents came here for business.
Oh.
Well, don't sweat it.
You'll pick it up.
You lost it?
Everybody does it first.
This place is huge.
Hey, what's your next class?
Um, all right.
You know how to get there?
Come on, I'll show you.
Thanks.
You scared me.
I thought everybody left.
I'm coming.
What do you, uh,
what do you think of the new girl?
I don't know.
Kind of weird, Fritz.
See what happened, chemistry?
No, no, what?
Well, she had this straw thing,
and she sucked up the water.
Yeah.
Then what?
Well, then she sort of did this.
Did I say something about giving me grief, Mr. Faux?
But, sir, I didn't.
If you're a troublemaker,
you've crossed paths with the wrong man.
What do you want?
Go.
Listen, I heard about what happened
with those guys at lunch to get them.
Come on, just start it.
Burn out now, you're not gonna make it.
Hey, you okay?
I, uh...
I saw something.
What?
Um...
I saw a...
You saw a?
I'll forget.
Come on, Julie, what'd you see?
You promised not to laugh.
I crossed my heart.
Look, I know this sounds crazy.
I think I saw a ghost.
A ghost?
Forget I said anything.
Julie.
Hello?
What's the matter?
I trusted you and you had to tell everybody
what I told you.
Julie, I didn't.
You're worse than those jerks in the cafeteria
because you pretend to be nice.
Wait a minute, wait.
I should have seen you coming.
Wait.
I only told one person.
I didn't know they were gonna make it news.
Well, they did.
Now, everybody thinks I'm the crazy new foreign kid.
Listen, I did it for a reason, okay?
I'm sure.
Hope you all got a good laugh.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Although, I didn't think anything could scare you.
As long as you're a ghost, boss.
Stop it.
Whoa.
What did you call me?
I'm sorry.
Moon Dance.
This necklace is like boss.
Whoa.
Be cool.
I'm waiting, Miss Warren.
They're not squishy and sweet
and they don't make you go googaloo.
They're the Nicktoons
and they're not here to be cuddling.
Dug, Ren and Stimpy, the Rugrats.
They'll battle the biggest bully.
Climb the highest toilet even.
Well, you don't wanna know.
These are no stuffed animals.
They've got wheel problems,
wheel adventures,
and they're real loud.
Winnie's the wickedest.
Hello.
Sarah's the sexiest.
Would thou dance with me?
And Mary's the hungriest.
No time for singing.
They're here to have some fun
and practice a little witchcraft
if they could only get it right.
She did it.
Hocus Pocus, rated PG, starts Friday, July 16th.
I love the taste of milk, Max.
It's a great taste.
Which is why, for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass,
I do almost anything.
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk,
I fly to the farthest galaxy.
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk,
I crawl through the burning wasteland.
For one, satisfying, yummy gulp of milk,
I'd stretch myself to the limits.
I do homework, Max.
Wow.
Milk.
It tastes so good.
You know, when you're shopping for cereal,
I suggest you walk this way
because it keeps the expensive cereals out of reach
and puts you in a better position
to find malto meal cereals.
See, they're usually down here.
Well, in a bag.
And they're every bit as good as these
and cost less.
See?
This one costs about a dollar less.
A dollar?
Malto meal.
The savings are in the bag.
You really ought to come down here.
We have to talk.
Look, I'm sorry about what happened.
That's all I can say.
You said you told someone about what I saw for one reason.
What was it?
What?
Look, there's been stuff going around
about a ghost haunting this place for years.
I know somebody who knows somebody who said they saw it.
That's all.
I didn't mean to embarrass you.
Wait.
I want to show you something.
Look, I gotta go.
Please?
You owe me.
Look, whoever had my locker before
put a flower sticker there.
See that?
Uh, yeah.
This necklace.
I found it in my locker.
It must have belonged to the same person.
Yes, sir.
Look around.
The paint is old.
Like nothing has been done for years.
Right?
Look, I'm sorry about those guys giving you a hard time.
But you're getting a little spooky on me, all right?
Spooky?
You haven't seen anything yet.
What happened?
How'd you do that?
I don't know.
It happened to me before when I put on this necklace.
It's like I jumped back in time.
Candy.
Who's this?
Uh, you don't know him?
No.
Are you new?
I don't know.
You don't know?
If he figures it out,
invite him over tonight.
I got the Beatles' white album.
Bye.
Beatles' white album?
Look at this.
See?
This is my locker.
This is the flower.
Candy?
That girl called you candy.
Miss Laura.
Shaffner?
Mr. Shaffner.
Who are you?
Um, I'm new.
Learn some manners.
No, Miss Warren.
Not tomorrow, not next week.
Now!
No buts.
I'll stay late today to help.
But if your chemistry project isn't done by four o'clock,
you'll be staring at a big fat F
in summer school.
You did?
Groovy.
I'll meet you in the lab.
Something strange happened, Chris.
Yeah, tell me about it.
That was Shaffner.
He was, he was young.
I know.
It's like if we're back in the 60s.
How could that happen?
You said it was your necklace.
Take it off.
Oh, man.
Oh, man, this is wild.
It is the necklace.
It has some kind of power.
Candy?
That girl called you candy.
Who is candy?
I don't know, but we can find out.
Come on.
Hey, hey.
You see, I'm checking 1968.
You know when the white album came out?
Bingo.
What?
Candy Warren, locker 22.
Yeah, that was a locker, all right.
Who is she?
I don't get it. Why isn't she here?
I checked three times. She isn't here.
There.
That's her.
That's the ghost.
This is real, isn't it?
I guess. We can't both be crazy.
Why is Candy showing yourself to me?
And why do they think I'm Candy?
I don't know.
Listen, whatever's going on here,
we can't handle it, all right?
What do we do?
I don't know.
I feel like she's trying to tell me something, Chris.
This is happening for a reason.
Maybe. Ah, come on. Let's get out of here.
I have to get my books.
Let's talk tonight.
Okay, later.
Mr. Ratto.
Chris, you're here late.
Mr. Ratto, you've been teaching here, like, forever, right?
Yeah, I suppose 30 years is forever to you.
Did you know Candy Warren?
Candy Warren.
Haven't thought of her in years.
I'm sure I knew her.
Sweet girl.
It's such a tragedy.
Well, how did she die? Was she, like, sick or something?
Oh, heavens, no.
It was a horrible accident.
What, a car crash?
No, it happened right here.
Derby?
Ms. Warren, now!
She was staying late after school on some
chemistry project or something.
Apparently, she got a little careless.
And there was, you know,
explosion and fire and
hard to even think about it now.
Why do you ask?
Who was the teacher?
Oh, well, many years ago, I...
I don't know.
Thanks, Mr. Ratto.
Oh, it was Mr. Schaffner.
Before he became the assistant principal,
he worked in the chemistry department.
Nice of you to join me.
Sit.
Worksheets, thermometer, beakers,
and a pipette for measuring.
Well, explain what we're doing.
We're identifying compounds
by determining their melting points.
Or would you like to skip right to summer school now?
No, no, I want to try.
How do I do this?
That's what this test is about now, isn't it?
I'll give you a little hint.
Turn on the gas and light the burner.
After that, you're on your own.
I'll be back in 20 minutes.
Candy, is Julie in the past?
Listen, Candy, she's gonna die.
You gotta stop her.
Hey, don't you check your equipment, Mr. Schaffner?
You could have been killed.
I don't know what to say.
Say you're in the wrong line of work.
Thank God you saw this.
If you hadn't...
I would have been toast.
Yeah, I saw her. She brought me back.
Can I ask what you're doing here so late?
I was helping her with the locker.
It stuck.
At least it was stuck.
Oh, I know it used to stick for me all the time, too.
For you?
That was your locker?
Oh, back in the dark ages.
You must be Julie Defoe.
Nice to meet you.
I'm the assistant principal, Ms. Warren.
Candy Warren.
My office, please.
The end.
Far out.
Oh, solid.
Psychedelic.
Um...
Nito?
I'll give you my bag.
Sorry.
Thanks, man.
Good story for you.